Angelique's are continuing to reveal
some interesting details about my role
and Sony's negotiations towards firemen
and this time I probably got the most
interesting part or one of the most
exciting news since the whole heck
attack happened to Sony Pictures
apparently in a conversation between
Andrew Gamper the president of worldwide
business operations for Columbia
Pictures and Sunita Mishima Amy Pascal
it is revealed that if Marlo will throw
spider-man into the Captain America
Civil War they don't want the following
standalone spider-man film after Civil
War to be just a continuation of the
Civil War plotline they want spider-man
to have his own story and of course a
model are talking about the separate
spider-man trilogy which is of course
rumored and almost confirmed pretty much
by Marvel so it is guaranteed that if
there will be a negotiation the deal
will happen in February in January next
year Spelman definitely will probably
appear in civil war but it will be a
very very short role just the Cameo as
we know the Civil War is about to start
shooting like in few months so they
won't change the whole story just to add
spider-man in it is revealed that
spider-man's standalone film following
the Civil War storyline will be a unique
movie which will exist
in the Marvel Cinematic Universe every
single story about spider-man will
actually have to deal with all the
events in Marvel and superheroes since
then will be divided into two groups as
for the possible cameo scene of
spider-man
in Civil War of course they still can
film it even thought this story has been
written they still can add spider-man
and they still can throw a bunch of
scenes with him according to the
conversation apparently if Marvel will
get a cameo scene for spider-man Captain
America Civil War in this in 20 Stark
Iron Man would record spider-man and
will actually give him a Cu my brother's
body is also supposed to meet with Black
Widow and Captain America and the
following film after spider-man schema
seen in Civil War will be actually a
standalone film of spider-man dealing
with his everyday problems he's got back
to high school
and he lives with Aunt May in Queens of
course very excited about the iron
spider mansueta which Tony will give to
Peter Parker he will probably getting
rid of it during the Civil War storyline
once a Spider Man will change this side
it all depends how they will write the
whole story but we will probably see the
iron spire suit on the big screen which
is very very exciting and then after
this short cameo scene in Civil War
spider-man will have a standalone film
tell us you guys think pretty exciting
thing to know that this is actually
revealed from their actual conversations
and we have to wait for February to know
something for a fact and whether it will
happen but at least we know how Mauro
are actually planning to deal with
spider-man you can check out the full
article description box thanks for
watching Animalia from